Rename references "Enhancements tracking board" to "v1.XX Release Tracking" (#3022)
kubernetes/sig-release: release-team/role-handbooks/docs/Release-Timeline.md

    - [kubernetes-release-team-shadows](https://groups.google.com/a/kubernetes.io/g/release-team-shadows)
        - ⚠️  List of members for this group is managed in git. Please create a PR against `kuberenetes/sig-release` repo to include your email under `release-team-shadows` group in [`sig-release/group.yaml`](https://github.com/kubernetes/k8s.io/blob/main/groups/sig-release/groups.yaml)

> Early in the release cycle, the Enhancements Lead opens a Github Project, e.g: [the v1.26 Release Tracking](https://github.com/orgs/kubernetes/projects/98/views/1). Later in the release this spreadsheet will contain important information for docs, check the Docs view [here](https://github.com/orgs/kubernetes/projects/98/views/6):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Early in the release cycle, the Enhancements Lead creates a GitHub Project for release tracking, for example the [v1.37 Release Tracking board](https://github.com/orgs/kubernetes/projects/264). Later in the cycle, this board contains important information for Docs; see the [Docs view](https://github.com/orgs/kubernetes/projects/264/views/3).
```

Track PRs based on the enhancement (KEP) spreadsheet.

> Keep the release tracking spreadsheet up to date with review progress and merge status for each documentation PR. For example: [Kubernetes Enhancements OSS tracking board (1.21 release)](http://bit.ly/k8s121-enhancements)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep the release tracking board up to date with review progress and merge status for each documentation PR. For example: [v1.37 Release Tracking board](https://github.com/orgs/kubernetes/projects/264).
```

 
Track PRs in the Release Tracking Github board shared by the Enhancements sub-team.
 

> The Enhancements Github board contains multiple views for the Enhancements, Docs, and the Comms subteam. The view of concern to the Docs sub-team is the Docs view. For example: Please refer to the [v1.37 Release Tracking board](https://github.com/orgs/kubernetes/projects/264)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Release Tracking Github board contains multiple views for the Enhancements, Docs, and the Comms subteam. The view of concern to the Docs sub-team is the Docs view. For example: Please refer to the [v1.37 Release Tracking board](https://github.com/orgs/kubernetes/projects/264)
```

Author: fixed.

- Review PR commit histories, and make sure that PR commit histories contain only changes to files. It's especially important to **avoid revert commits**. Encourage developers to rebase any PRs with complicated commit histories.
- Check that the PR has a technical LGTM.
- KEP reviewers and approvers can provide a technical review or delegate appropriatley. KEP reviewers and approvers are usually listed in the [kep.yaml e.g.](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/blob/master/keps/sig-architecture/1194-prod-readiness/kep.yaml)

> - If no LGTM, assign `sig/*` labels (listed in the release tracking spreadsheet) to help find technical reviewers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If there is no LGTM, assign the relevant `sig/*` labels listed in the release tracking board to help find technical reviewers.
```
